keep%2:42:07::	keep.v	15	Action by the Committee In pursuance of its mandate , the Committee will continue to keep under review the situation relating to the question of Palestine and participate in relevant meetings of the General Assembly and the Security Council . The Committee will also continue to monitor the situation on the ground and draw the attention of the international community to urgent developments in the Occupied Palestinian Territory , including East Jerusalem , requiring international action .
national%3:01:00::	national.a	25	A guard of honour stood in formation in honour of the eminent guest . The flags of the two States were raised , and their national anthems were played . Islam Karimov and Lee Myung-bak passed in front of the honour guard .
build%2:31:03::	build.v	38	The principle that statistics should be timely and punctual is also very important for short-term reports such as JODI , which is vulnerable to delays exceeding time limits . A statistical system for oil statistics has to be built on the following elements : ( a ) Definition of the relevant institutions , economic players and business units ;
place%1:04:00::	place.n	36	Again , he appealed for additional support for the two new branches . Mr. Andrabi ( Pakistan ) asked whether , in conflict situations where it was too dangerous for human rights monitors to remain in place , United Nations peacekeepers might not be used to monitor the human rights situation , so that treaty bodies and special rapporteurs would have the information they needed for their work . Mr. Koubaa ( Tunisia ) welcomed the emphasis put by OHCHR on the linkages between human rights and the right to development and between human rights and poverty reduction , but expressed concern at the limited progress made by the mechanisms dealing with the right to development .
position%1:04:01::	position.n	76	Also , the IAEA has the lowest number of women professional staff of the entire United Nations system , with women professionals from Africa , again , at the bottom of the list . Nigeria therefore calls upon the IAEA to move expeditiously to rectify this gross anomaly by making a deliberate effort to seek out applicants for scientific and engineering positions from the developing countries , as well as encouraging women to apply for reserved positions , including the administrative cadres at the Agency 's headquarters . These measures , if implemented , would expand the vistas of opportunity to the developing countries in the development of their human resources in nuclear technology through the acquisition of appropriate expertise , and would give equitable representation to unrepresented and underrepresented member States of the IAEA , most of which belong to developing countries in Africa and elsewhere .
position%1:04:01::	position.n	70	C Evolution of the margin Recalling section I.B of its resolution 52/216 and the standing mandate from the General Assembly , in which the Commission is requested to continue its review of the relationship between the net remuneration of the United Nations staff in the Professional and higher categories in New York and that of the comparator civil service ( the United States federal civil service ) employees in comparable positions in Washington , D.C. ( referred to as “ the margin ” ) , Recalling also section IX , paragraph 3 , of its resolution 46/191 A of 20 December 1991 , in which it requested the Commission to include in its work a review of the differences between the United Nations and the United States net remuneration at individual grade levels ,
serve%2:41:02::	serve.v	44	Thus , attention to equality issues is not confined to a sector called “ women 's development ” or addressed through isolated programmes within sectors . Government agencies in Bhutan are expected to recognise that women are a major part of the public they serve and so need to design , implement and continue to support services that meet the specific needs of women as well as men . Difficulties in implementation , however , include slow absorption of information on Royal Government commitments in the Platform for Action ; a lack of understanding of what the mainstreaming commitment fully entails and a continuing tendency by some officials to view women as an isolated “ sector ” ; limited experience and skills in sectoral Ministries to undertake analyses that compare how women and men would be affected by a policy or programme ; and significant gaps in the data available for the purposes of assessing policies and programmes by gender .
national%3:00:01::	national.a	39	( c ) The implementation of a national system for the estimation of anthropogenic emissions by sources and removals by sinks in accordance with the guidelines set out in decision -/CP.6 ; ( d ) The establishment of a national registry system to track parts of an assigned amount , certified emission reductions and emission reduction units transferred or acquired under the provisions of Article 3 , paragraphs 10 , 11 and 12 , in accordance with the guidelines set out in decision D/CP.6 ; ( e ) The completeness and accuracy of the base year greenhouse gas emissions inventory and greenhouse gas inventory report , to standards [ to be ] established in a decision of the COP/MOP ;
hold%2:31:01::	hold.v	24	The relevant divergent views can be summed up in various ways . I would describe the situation as follows : one school of thought holds that negotiations on an FMCT should be commenced. At the same time , issues relating to nuclear disarmament and PAROS can also be discussed . There is another school of thought which maintains that , at the same time as negotiating on an FMCT , PAROS should also be negotiated , or we should at least indicate that it is such negotiation which is our goal .
line%1:04:01::	line.n	57	The amendment would take into account the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering ( FATF ) ( meeting held in Washington on 29 and 30 October 2001 ) , in particular concerning the designation of offences linked to terrorism as money-laundering predicate offences . All those provisions would bring Monegasque law into line with the above-mentioned special recommendations of FATF and with the resolutions adopted at the extraordinary meeting of the Egmont Group , held on 31 October 2001 in Washington , which had committed each Financial Intelligence Unit : - To conduct a review of national legislation to ensure that there was no obstacle to the exchange of information , in particular concerning the financing of terrorist activities ;
see%2:31:00::	see.v	30	This attack once again demonstrates that international terrorism constitutes a threat to international peace and security . As pointed out in our general statement , the Norwegian Government continues to see the NPT as the cornerstone of international non-proliferation and disarmament efforts . The Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) is one of the major pillars of the NPT regime .
build%2:36:00::	build.v	113	That the talks will result in agreement on steps to assist Iraq to achieve stability , to control all its internal affairs , to take charge of its internal security , to protect its borders and to rely on its own capacities ; this means that Iraq , within a period to be determined by the progress achieved in building up its military and security capacities , will be without the international forces and will be strengthened by regional interventions , and that it will be a stable and secure country for its own people and for its neighbours . Respect for the will of the Iraqi people and for its options in building the system it deems appropriate means , in the first place , non-interference in any form whatever aimed at influencing any Iraqi ( either collectively or individually ) in a manner incompatible with the Iraqi national interest or involvement in actions or orientations that serve regional or foreign agendas or support any armed group irrespective of its national or sectarian orientations in order to attain purposes incompatible with respect for peaceful , political and democratic means and legitimate elected institutions . The presence of multinational forces resulted from the request and need of Iraq to complete the building up and preparation of its security and military forces .
see%2:31:00::	see.v	30	The situation requires resolute steps on behalf of all community leaders in Kosovo to reject violence and to promote tolerance and cooperation in compliance with the adopted declarations . We see such an approach as a key prerequisite for building up an atmosphere of confidence and ethnic tolerance . The successful preparation and holding of municipal elections with the participation of all ethnic minorities , including refugees and displaced persons , is particularly important for speeding up the political process in Kosovo and for securing lasting peace and stability .
time%1:28:00::	time.n	88	Besides , Miss Henrietta - as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a chignon in the back - had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; so Cyrus Adler became interested in her friend Racie Friedenwald , and Joe Jastrow - the only young man who when he wrote had the temerity to address her as Henrietta , and signed himself Joe - fell in love with pretty sister Rachel . Henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with Joe 's older and more serious brother , Morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to Philadelphia with Papa , when he substituted for Rabbi Jastrow at Rodeph Shalom Temple there during its Rabbi 's absence in Europe . Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati .
physical%3:00:00::	physical.a	47	− Level III : High-complexity care. Production of orthotic and prosthetic appliances , social welfare services , professional training and research . The National Council for Rehabilitation , through its member bodies , implements programmes of comprehensive care for disabled children and young people which range from physical recovery to remedial care under the different options offered by the Department of Special Education in MECD , and the training programmes provided by the National Institute of Technology . Specific activities in the field of leisure , culture and sport are conducted within the care-providing institutions , and nationally coordinated cultural and public awareness events are also organized to enable disabled children and young people to realize their rights free of all discrimination .
follow%2:36:00::	follow.v	21	Ethiopia proposed that paragraph 2 should allow any organization with knowledge of a violation to represent a victim . Ecuador suggested following the approach of the American Convention on Human Rights to grant standing to legally recognized non-governmental entities . Portugal stressed that certain rights under the Covenant can only be exercised collectively , notably article 8 , paragraph 1 , subparagraphs ( b ) and ( c ) .
follow%2:42:02::	follow.v	28	The negative performance by equities was partially offset by positive performance in all other asset classes . The performance of the real estate portfolio was particularly strong , followed by short-term investments and bonds . The Fund 's exposure to dollar-denominated bonds contributed more to the total return than did any other asset class held by the Fund .
regular%5:00:00:standard:02	regular.a	20	Around 40 such universities now form a loose network across the globe . Although frequently associated with a local , regular university , they remain community-based initiatives . U3As have been described as a setting in which “ the teachers learn and the learners teach ” . Such learning cooperatives benefit from the varied knowledge , previous experiences and specific skills of their members when designating their teachers .
bad%3:00:00::	bad.a	53	Only our ceaseless efforts will be able to persuade those who still harbour doubts of the Court 's enormous potential to contribute , from a unique perspective and with a strong impact , towards a better world for the coming generations . In today 's world , riddled with crises , threats and bad news , the International Criminal Court is an oasis of hope . We know that in order to strengthen humankind 's great qualitative progress , it is necessary first to overcome the great obstacles facing any attempt to change the status of things and to place limits on power .
see%2:31:00::	see.v	17	I urge all States to adhere to the Convention and accept the amendment . The Agency is seen as playing an important role in the implementation of these instruments . To that end , we have started an effort to provide nuclear security guidance that would facilitate implementation .
line%1:04:01::	line.n	49	He trusted that that compromise would not be jeopardized . Delegations made the following proposals with regard to paragraph 3 : that it should be made a separate article ; that the second sentence should be deleted because it was unnecessary ; and that it should be brought into line with article 14 , paragraph 1 , of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , without necessarily introducing the guarantee of a public hearing . Several delegations requested that the words “ and which respects the guarantees of a fair trial ” should be restored , since a “ fair trial ” was not the same as “ fair treatment ” .
national%5:00:00:public:00	national.a	25	In Chile and Bolivia , Chile 's Cruz Blanca privatized in 1996 the State railway company , Empresa Nacional Ferrocarriles ( Enfe ) . The national operator in Cameroon , the Régie nationale de Chemin de Fer du Cameroun ( Regifercam ) , was privatized in 1998 and the concessionnaire , CAMRAIL , a consortium of the French SAGA-Ballore and COMAZAR of South Africa , took over operations in March 1999 . The State-owned Malawi railways were taken over by the Central East African Railway Company ( CEARC ) , a consortium headed by Mozambican Railways ( CFM ) and a United States-based company , Railroad Development Corporation ( RDC ) .
force%1:07:01::	force.n	24	In other cases , UNHCR entered into cooperative arrangements with the private sector . Often the staff of private sector organizations were the driving force behind initiatives to assist humanitarian operations . They were willing to contribute their expertise and brought innovative ideas and solutions to complex issues .
follow%2:42:02::	follow.v	35	The rate for still births per 1000 births was 4.0 ( Table 12.6 ) . For 1998 , live births by the age of mother and father were most common in the 25 to 29 followed by the 30 to 34 brackets . Live births born to Maltese mothers under the age of 20 totalled 234. This equivalent to 5.2 % of all live births born to Maltese women of all ages shown in Table 12.7 .
national%5:00:00:public:00	national.a	66	With regard to national rental housing , a total of 110 , 310 units ( 89 , 228 newly built houses and 21 , 082 multifamily houses or default houses purchased by the Government ) were provided in 2007 , and a total of 84 , 882 units ( 74 , 048 and 10 , 834 , respectively ) were provided in 2008 . As for national rental housing rented permanently , a total of 6 , 142 existing housing units were rented on a deposit basis , and 1 , 019 units were rented to households headed by children in 2007 . The figures for 2008 were 7 , 484 and 1 , 029 , respectively .
professional%3:00:02::	professional.a	106	Since 1999 , the State Environmental Protection Administration , the Ministry of Education , the State Forestry Administration , the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television , ACWF , the All-China Youth Federation , the Next Generation Committee and other agencies and NGOs have jointly run a `Green Commitment Campaign ' on the themes of `progress towards sustainable development , protecting the Earth and protecting mankind 's common home. ' In order to raise the standards and capabilities of teachers involved in education for all-round development , since 1999 a comprehensive programme addressing all teachers has been in place nationwide that provides training in professional ethics and information technology skills. The `10 , 000 National Core Teachers Project ' component of this programme has to date successfully trained nearly 7 , 000 teachers . The Government of China encourages commercial and non-commercial institutions , social groups and other social organizations and individuals to found schools and other educational institutions , and supports such undertakings. It has issued regulations on the running of educational institutions with social resources which state its policies of “ active encouragement , strong support , correct guidance and strong administration , ” and is promoting the rapid , healthy development of such institutions under the guidance of the pertinent laws and regulations .
professional%3:01:01::	professional.a	50	MRAs tend to be concluded between countries with relatively similar training systems and regulatory regimes , and generally require the active involvement and existence of professional bodies and the private sector . Acceding to an existing MRA could be very difficult for those countries that lack national recognition systems , professional bodies and/or industry associations . Developing countries could benefit from bilateral technical and financial support in promoting the establishment of professional bodies and associations .
professional%3:01:01::	professional.a	40	Developing competitive professional services in developing countries is particularly important given their contribution to furthering development and good corporate governance ( e.g. accounting ) . Developing countries need to establish adequate regulatory frameworks for professions and support the role of professional bodies through which Governments could shape and influence a profession , its evolution and its future competitiveness . Developing countries have a clear export interest in professional services through the movement of people , and more recently have taken advantage of increasing outsourcing opportunities .
force%1:14:00::	force.n	72	Members of the Council have before them documents S/2005/141 and corrigendum 1 , which contain the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 30 of resolution 1546 ( 2004 ) . At this meeting , the Security Council will hear briefings by Mr. Ashraf Jehangir Qazi , Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Iraq , and by Mrs. Anne Patterson , representative of the United States , on behalf of the multinational force . I give the floor to Mr. Ashraf Jehangir Qazi , Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Iraq .
professional%3:01:01::	professional.a	69	Agenda item 4 : Analysis of ways to enhance the contribution of specific services sectors to the development perspectives of developing countries : National experiences with regulations and liberalization : Examples in the construction services sector and its contribution to the development of developing countries “ UNCTAD should promote establishment of linkages among all the stakeholders in the international market for construction services through continued dialogue between the relevant professional associations , multilateral and financial institutions and bilateral and regional funding agencies , and development agencies from developed countries. ” Action : The secretariat has presented the report of the Expert Meeting on Construction Services to national professional associations in developing countries , namely Botswana , Cuba , Colombia , Egypt , Kenya , Mauritius , Paraguay and Pakistan , and also communicated it to the International Union of Architects .
